Fix codespell not checking spelling (#11)
RebelToolbox/RebelDocumentation: tutorials/shaders/shader_reference/shading_language.rst

------------------

> A large number of built-in variables are available, like ``UV``, ``COLOR`` and ``VERTEX``. What variables are available depends on the type of shader (``spatial``, ``canvas_item`` or ``particle``) and the function used (``vertex``, ``fragment`` or ``light``).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A large number of built-in variables are available, like ``UV``, ``COLOR`` and ``VERTEX``. The variables available depend on the type of shader (``spatial``, ``canvas_item`` or ``particle``) and the function used (``vertex``, ``fragment`` or ``light``).
```
